RUN-636: Add per-call instruction counter (#172)
dfinity/interface-spec: spec/index.adoc

[#system-api-performance-counter]
=== Performance counter

The canister can query one of the "performance counters", which is a deterministic monotonically increasing integer approximating the amount of work the canister has done. Developers might use this data to profile and optimize the canister performance.

`+ic0.performance_counter : (counter_type : i32) -> i64+`

The argument `type` decides which performance counter to return:

* 0 : current execution instruction counter. The number of WebAssembly instructions the canister has executed since the beginning of the current <<rule-message-execution>>.

> * 1 : call context instruction counter. The number of WebAssembly instructions the canister has executed since the current <<call-context-creation>>. The counter monotonically increases across a few <<rule-message-execution,message executions>>, until the corresponding <<call-context-removal,call context is removed>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1 : call context instruction counter. The number of WebAssembly instructions the canister has executed within the call context of the current <<rule-message-execution>> since <<call-context-creation>>. The counter monotonically increases across all <<rule-message-execution,message executions>> in the call context until the corresponding <<call-context-removal,call context is removed>>.
```
